Global superstar Rita Ora and Melrose Media are thrilled to announce an exclusive night of live music, dance and iconic fashion - all set under the cinematic backdrop of The Eiffel Tower. In the first of a new music series, _**ICONIC PEOPLE IN ICONIC PLACES, Rita Ora Live From The Eiffel Tower**_ will take place on Thursday, September 30th in conjunction with Paris Fashion Week. Tickets will be available starting August 27th via [ritaora.live](https://ritaora.live) or Ticketmaster and will be broadcasted on the new blockchain platform **Eluvio LIVE**, sponsored by **The Naked Collective** and **Lancôme**.

Performed in front of a live audience, Rita Ora Live From The Eiffel Tower marks the international critically-acclaimed singer-songwriter’s transition back to live music and will follow Rita performing from the top of the tower, showcasing the venue in a way that has never been done before. As a final crescendo to Paris Fashion week, the show will also feature custom looks designed exclusively for Rita, from premiere fashion brands **Fendi, Miu Miu, Lanvin** and **Alexandre Vauthier**. Rita’s make-up will be created in partnership with French luxury beauty brand: Lancôme. Fusing the signature codes of iconic Parisian beauty with Rita’s own colourful, creative aesthetic, each make-up look will encompass the spirit and energy of this unique event.

Rita says, _“This is going to be such a memorable performance and a real pinch me moment for me. Performing at such a legendary venue is an honour, and to be wearing custom looks from Prada, Miu Miu, Fendi and Lanvin, is simply a dream. I can’t wait to bring the energy of Paris to all my fans around the world, it really will be a night to remember.”

A kaleidoscope of the past, present and future, Rita Ora Live From The Eiffel Tower will feature global hits “Anywhere,” “Lonely Together” and “Let You Love Me,” alongside tracks from her recent EP Bang. This performance adds yet another global stage to Rita’s name, from performances at The Brits and The Oscars to Glastonbury and The White House. Rita Ora Live From The Eiffel Tower will be broadcast globally from the open air venue on September 30th, creating a once in a lifetime event for fans.

The concert will be filmed with the best available technology today in **4K HDR**, available on all platforms including **Apple TV** and **Roku**.

Manuel Molina from **Melrose Media** added, _“We are so excited to be working with Rita and to be part of this unique and new entertainment concept taking place at the magical and symbolic monument of Paris...the Eiffel Tower. We can’t think of a better way to kick-off this exciting new music series.”_

 This celebration of music and fashion will be hosted by **Melrose Media**, produced by **Paramax Films** and **Swisskiss** in association with 24/7 and directed by **Beki Mari**. The creative advertising and communication of the show will be provided by **Interruption**. In addition, The Naked Collective, creator of **Mude Drinks** is the lead sponsor of the event. Mude felt a strong alignment to Rita Ora, her colourful superstar persona and natural talent fits perfectly to a brand who is known for its colourful energy and natural goodness.
 
Amos Rozenberg from **Melrose Media** added _“We wanted to launch a new form of entertainment. A live star concert filmed in an iconic venue, broadcasted during Fashion Week. A mix between a payperview, a SVOD and VOD show, a TV sponsored concert with a strong fan engagement.”_

10% of all proceeds from Rita’s performance will go towards Soccer Aid for UNICEF. Rita has been involved with the UK Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK) since 2013 specialising in work with child refugees and has supported Soccer Aid for UNICEF for the past two years. In 2019, she was made an official UNICEF UK Ambassador.

Tickets can be purchased on [ritaora.live](https://ritaora.live) and on **Ticketmaster**. The performance will also be in place on [www.ritaora.live](https://ritaora.live) for fans across the world. All payments will be accepted, including Crypto currencies. The performance will be available on the Eluvio LIVE platform on mobile, desktop, tablets, Apple TV and Roku TV all in 4K. Tickets go on sale August 27th via [ritaora.live](https://ritaora.live).
   
#### About Rita Ora
Rita Ora is an international critically acclaimed singer-songwriter with four #1 UK singles and holds the record for the most Top 10 singles for a British female artist in the UK in history with a total of 13. In 2021, she launched the global collaboration Bang, with GRAMMY nominated Kazakh DJ and record producer Imanbek. Written and produced over Zoom by Rita and Imanbek and featuring David Guetta, Gunna and Argentinian rapper KHEA, the four track EP is a mix of modern pop, 80s and 90s club culture and floor-filling house. The EP is the follow up to her album Phoenix, which has amassed over 4 billion streams worldwide, spawned 3 platinum singles and includes “Lonely Together,” her collaboration with Avicii which won “Best Dance” VMA at the MTV Video Music Awards. In addition, her debut album, Ora, debuted at #1 on the UK charts and was certified platinum.

#### About Melrose Media
Melrose Media is the **new media venture of Manuel Molina and Amos Rozenberg**. Melrose Media just produced the **Bayfront Jazz Festival** at the beginning May 2021. The two day festival, **critically lauded by the New York Times, NPR, Miami Herald, NBC, CNN** and many others, celebrated the giants of Jazz, Afro-Cuban & Electronic music, including legends **Roy Ayers, Chucho Valdés, Gonzalo Rubalcaba and Dee Dee Bridgewater**. Last June, **produced the Black Eyed Peas highly energetic concert** on the amazing Bayfront Amphitheater in Miami. The lucky 3.000 people admitted in the fabulous outdoor venue joyfully celebrated the return to the stage, after nearly 2 years, of the six times Grammy award winning band. CNN broadcasted 3 songs of the concert for the American National Day celebration. Melrose Media launches the Icon series “Iconic people in iconic places” with Rita at Eiffel Tower.

#### About Eluvio LIVE
Eluvio is transforming the management, distribution, and economics of premium video for content owners. The Eluvio LIVE **platform is the first blockchain-backed 4K video streaming and ticketing platform** for content distributed directly from artists and publishers to their fans. The platform is backed by the patented Eluvio Content Fabric, the first blockchain-based scalable content distribution network for premium video, with innovations in content centric design, machine learning, dynamic audio/video processing and programmable media. Launched in 2019 and used **by Tier1 media companies such as MGM Studios and FOX networks**, and mobile streaming providers, the platform was invented by a team **led by Michelle Munson and Serban Simu, the multi-Emmy award winning founds and inventors of Aspera**, a pioneer in digital video transport technology that was acquired by IBM. The Content Fabric platform was recently **awarded the prestigious 2020 Engineering Excellence Award by the Hollywood Professional Association.**

#### About Soccer Aid for UNICEF
Soccer Aid for UNICEF is an entertainment-led charity campaign, culminating in a football match featuring two teams of professional and celebrity players, broadcast live on ITV and STV. Soccer Aid for UNICEF aims to raise millions of pounds to support UNICEF’s vital work around the world saving lives and helping children get the best start in life. The multi-stakeholder project of Soccer Aid for UNICEF is run by Soccer Aid Productions, a collaboration between The UK Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK) and Triple S Events which is part of the Triple S Sports & Entertainment Group.

#### About Mude Drinks
Made from all natural plant-based ingredients, Mude is a new range of healthy functional drinks that provide benefits to refresh your mood. Whether you want to Play, Chill, Work, or Sleep, Mude supports your ambitions all throughout the day. Plus, they are a carbon neutral, low in sugar, only 45 calories, and include no ingredients you can’t pronounce. Colourful on the outside, naked natural goodness on the inside. Backed by science, Mude has over 100 scientific studies that support the drinks range functionality. Created by The Naked Collective, a start-up powered by Plants, People and Purpose, Mude can be purchased on www.yourmude.com and www.amazon.co.uk/mude. Follow Mude on Instagram @mudedrinks.

**For More Information on Rita Ora please contact Permanent Press at 718.766.2528** 

**Kathy Reilly**: [kathy@permanentpressmedia.com](mailto:kathy@permanentpressmedia.com)

**Ryann Hunt-Bila**: [ryann@permanentpressmedia.com](mailto:ryann@permanentpressmedia.com)
